Windows node docs (#228)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/testnet/net/guides/run-node-windows.rst

.. include:: ../../variables.rst
.. _run-node-windows:

================================
Run and manage a node on Windows
================================

.. contents::
   :local:
   :backlinks: none

> This guide describes how organizations can run and manage a node on the Concordium network from a Windows computer. You can also run a node using :ref:`Docker <run-a-node>` or :ref:`Ubuntu <run-node-ubuntu>`.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should be clearer that the Dockerised setup is only for Linux distributions.

     .. image:: ../images/run-node/Node-setup-win-1.png
        :width: 65%

#. Select **Next** and configure the **Node Runner Service**. You have the following options:

   - **Automatically start nodes at system startup**:  When selected, the node runs when the system starts. Choose this option when you plan to use the node frequently and need it to be up-to-date at short notice. If you don’t select this option, you’ll have to start the node manually when required, for example, when you want to use the Desktop Wallet or concordium-client. If you choose to start the node manually, it might take longer for the node to get up-to-date with the blockchain depending on when the node was last up-to-date.

   - **Start nodes after installation is complete**: The node will automatically start running after the installation is complete. Do not choose this option if you want to make further configuration changes before starting the node.

>    - **Mainnet** or **Testnet**: Select **run a testnet node**.

Reviewer: Since this is not an either-or choice, they need to deselect "run a mainnet node" if they only want a testnet node. It might be useful to have a bit more explanation of what the options do.

-  Search for *configure concordium node* in the **Search** bar, and then select **Configure Concordium Node Service**. If you see a message saying *Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?*, select **Yes**. The configuration file opens in Notepad.

For detailed information about all the configuration options, see :ref:`Concordium node nunner service configuration <node-runner-service-configuration>`.

Configure a node as baker
-------------------------

To run a node as baker, you first have to generate baker keys in the desktop wallet and then register the keys on an account. For more information, see, :ref:`Add a baker account in the Desktop Wallet<create-baker-desktop>`. You then have to change the configuration file for the Concordium Node Service.

You register the baker credentials on the testnet. We recommend that you add the baker credentials for the network that you created the credentials on, which in this case is the testnet. Don’t use the same baker credentials on both testnet and mainnet..

#. Add the following in the ``[node.testnet]`` section:
``baker_credentials = 'C:\path\to\baker-credentials.json'``

> replacing ``C:\path\to\baker-credentials.json`` with the full path to the baker credentials file.

Reviewer: The formatting here is wrong. Maybe the lines after `#.` need indentation.

#. Stop and restart the node runner service using the **Stop Concordium Service Node** and the **Start Concordium Service Node** shortcuts. Don’t use End task in the Task Manager as it might cause errors.

.. Note::
   The baker credentials file must be accessible by the SYSTEM user and can’t be encrypted.

View the node log
=================

You can find the node log for testnet here:

-  C:\ProgramData\Concordium\Node Runner\testnet\logs

If you specified a different installation folder for the configuration and data, the path might be different.

> The files ``mainnet.log`` and ``testnet.log`` contain the latest logs, with ``mainnet.0.log`` and ``mainnet.1.log`` containing progressively older logs. The log files are rolled when the latest log file exceeds 50 MB. This means that the current set of log files is closed, and new log files are opened.

Reviewer: Since this is focusing exclusively on testnet, this should be changed. I think the current description of rolling is not very enlightening, and perhaps something like this would clarify:
```suggestion
The file ``testnet.log`` contains the latest logs, with ``testnet.0.log`` and ``testnet.1.log`` containing progressively older logs. The log files are rolled when the latest log file exceeds 50 MB. This means that ``testnet.0.log`` is renamed to ``testnet.1.log`` (replacing the old file if present), ``testnet.log`` is renamed to ``testnet.0.log``, and a new, empty ``testnet.log`` is created.
```
